Code is a bit dirty :( But I've explained the relevent files here.


Hit vagrant up to create th vm.
vasrant.ssh to connect to the vagrant file.
python3 orchestrator.py to run the framework.


1. orchestrator.py ==> main file which is controling the flow of the framework i.e., which tools and applications to run.
2. runningscript.py ==> file which is running the tools and generating output data i.e, system calls list, debloated images, CVEs, correctness count.
3. measurement1.py ==> script to generate the graphs from the data generated by the runningscript.py i.e., graphs which are in our results section i.e., CVEs, size reduction, correctness cases etc.
4. measurement2 ==> measurement2.py ==> Use the output from runningscript.py to generate graphs related to system calls i.e., our case studies ==> Also regarding the images fontsize, I've added the fnt sizes on top of the measurement2.py. Anyone can change the fonts from there and re-run the script using "python3 measurement2.py". It will again generate the graphs according to the req fonts.


Adding applications to the framework:
1. In orchestrator script, applications are written on top. Add the applications name to integrate more application containers in the existing framework. 
2. Also make sure to add the relevant docker commands inside the run_speaker() and run_slim() as well. 
3. The fucntions speaker_he_bhai() and slimtoolkit_he_bhai() take few arguments like application name, docker command to create the container from image name etc.
4. Also add the relevent test cases for the new application in Test_cases folder.


Adding tools to the framework:
1. Update the runningscript.py, add a new function silimar to speaker_he_bhai() or slimtoolkit_he_bhai() which have the commands to run the new tool.
2. Update the orchestrator.py, add a new function similar to run_speaker() or run_slim() which will call the runningscript function with appropriate arguments.


Notes:
1. Currently I've used the absolute paths according to the VM which will be generated using vagrant file. Will convert them to the relative paths soon. 
2. Confine is't added in in the framework for now. Farrukh is working on it and will integrate it soon. Still the results for confine are added in the measurement2 folder.
